♪ T-E-E-N ♪
♪ T-I-T-A-N-S ♪
♪ Teen Titans, let's go ♪
♪ Teen Titans, go ♪
Ah, ah, ah.
It's like a dream, Mama.
Finally, after all this time,
we's together.
I know, it's crazy,
but, it feels right.
What are you creeps doing?
Now that you two are together,
we want to see
what happens next.
Oh, yes. The will they
or the won't they of the you
has been the excruciating.
We want the payoff.
Makes you wonder about the
other members
of the Team Titans
finally getting together.
- Eh?
- No.
My only interest is in
the BB and the Ray-Ray.
Well, come on.
Do something romantic already.
Uh... Okay.
- Ah...
- Um...
Uh...
- Uh...
- This way?
So, um...
What's ya thinking about?
Ah!
It is even more of the romantics
than I ever made the dreams of.
♪ It's all about my baby ♪
♪ Yeah, it's all about bae ♪
This is my jam, yo.
♪ All I do is go cray ♪
You hear that?
He's playing your song, girl.
Why is my song on the radio?
It's blowing up the charts
like three sticks of TNT.
Boom. Boom. Boom.
That's what's up.
You gots to feel goods,
inspiring a hit song, Mama.
Yay. So great.
What's wrong, Rae?
You took something
very special to me
and kind of gave it away
to strangers. But whatever.
No. No. No. No, Mama.
I helds it up.
To let the love I haves for you
make the world a better place.
Come on, girl.
Let me show you some things.
♪ It's all about my baby ♪
♪ Yeah, it's all about bae ♪
Check it, Mama.
Your song is bringing
the peoples together.
And the animals, too.
♪ it's all about Rae ♪
Even Sticky Joe's feeling it.
Howdy.
You da man, Sticky Joe.
Look at all the happiness your
song has brought into the world.
Hmmm. I guess it's nice.
Ha! And you didn't want me
to fiddle with it.
But, you fiddled with it anyway.
I tolds you,
sometimes you gots to fiddle.
Well, you really
fiddled things up.
I knows.
So, now that you're cool and not
upset about the song anymore...
It's probably
a good time to tell you
I'm going out on tour.
- What?
- You know, a tour.
Traveling the country
and playing the song
for huge crowds.
So, I'm supposed to stay here while you
go sing my song to thousands of people?
Oh!
This is the relationship drama
I was the hoping for.
It's finally getting good.
So very, very juicy.
Hey, move. I can't see.
I ain't leaving you, Mama.
- I can't even stands it when you go to the bathroom.
- I know.
I wants you to come with me.
So you can see everybody
seeings how much I loves you.
Uh. Uh. Uh. Yeah.
What's up, Jump City?
You know me, I know, I know.
Yeah, Beast Boy! He's so cute.
Beast Boy, you're amazing.
Hey, Beast Boy's fans
are really affectionate.
Wow, Raven. If my man was
getting attention like that...
It's fine.
I know the song is for me.
Yup, but they don't.
Hurray, Beast Boy.
All right. All right.
All right.
Before we do this,
I need you all to know,
this song is for somebody
very special to me.
This song is for you.
That's right.
It's for all yous.
I love you all!
♪ It's all about my baby
yeah it's all about bae ♪
♪ And if I don't gots my baby
all I do is go cray ♪
♪ It's all about my baby
yeah it's all about Rae ♪
♪ And if don't gots my baby
all I do is go cray ♪
♪ And I know that you're the one ♪
♪ And I know that we're just one ♪
Ah.
Ah, girl. I am killing
the game out there.
Mmm-hmm.
Gots to get changed
for the next show, yo.
Can't be wearing things twice.
It's garbage now.
Hey, I was thinking,
when the tour's over,
- we should...
- What you think?
Zebra? Or leopard print?
It's beautiful either way.
Are you listening to me at all?
Of course.
What was I thinking?
Full body mouse suit.
Ah. Ah. Ah.
Looking fresh.
All rights.
I gots to go, Mama.
I gots to play
the peoples their song.
Their song?
That song's been nothing
but a curse.
Azarath Metrion Zinthos.
Y'all ready?
BB ready, into his house.
♪ It's not about my baby
yeah, it's not about bae ♪
♪ and if I do gots my baby
all I do is go cray ♪
Ah!
How come my mouth
said the wrong words?
Ah... Ah...
♪ Dinnertime, toes in the snow ♪
♪ Carnival rides, girl,
I don't want to go ♪
♪ Don't test my pizza
or my smoothie, too ♪
♪ Yuck, yuck, yuck, baby, I hate you ♪
♪ It's not about my baby
yeah, it's not about bae ♪
♪ and if I... ♪
Crime alert!
It seems the good people of Jump
City have turned on each other.
Titans, go!
Everybody, calm down.
I am here for you.
Let's talk
through your problems...
What is the cause
of this madness?
Wait. Listen.
- Is that Beasty's song?
- ♪ It's not about my baby... ♪
Why would it be angering
the people it once inspired?
♪ All I do is go cray ♪
No, it can't be.
Um...
I'll be back.
Ah! Something's wrong
with my mouth, Mama.
The song words was all wrong.
You dirty mouth.
How could you do me like this?
Don't give me that lip.
Hey. Leave your mouth alone.
It's the song.
I cursed it.
What, why?
You don't even know.
Come on, Mama.
You gots to uncurse it.
Only you have that power.
What's that mean?
I ain't undo the magic.
Then maybe next time
you'll think twice
before you fiddle with things.
Well, you guys wanted drama
between Beast Boy and me...
You got it.
Guys?
Oh, no.
I do not like the you anymore.
Oh, you are the worst.
I hate you more
than seven-layer cake!
I wanted to ruin the song...
Not the world.
I've gots to get back
to Jump City.
Yo, uh, can you
give me a ride home?
What's Raven so mad about?
I wrotes her a song.
That was good.
Then we was together and happy.
And that was good, too.
Then I fiddled with things, got
famous and ignored my sweet Rae
while getting love from
all the fans. That was good.
But, I guess not for her.
Mmm, huh.
Maybe I shouldn't have
fiddled with it.
♪ I'm going home to Jump City ♪
Yee-haw!
♪ I'm going home to my bae ♪
♪ I'm on my way back to Jump City ♪
Yee-haw.
♪ I'm on my way back to my Rae ♪
♪ I know I did you wrong went
ahead and shared your song ♪
♪ It's something I regret to this day ♪
♪ I got me fame and money ♪
♪ But I lost my sweet sweet honey ♪
♪ And that's a heavy price to pay ♪
♪ So, you bet, I learned my lesson ♪
♪ That you can't just go a-messin' ♪
♪ With a love that was meant to... ♪
♪ If it ain't broke, don't fiddle with it ♪
Nope.
♪ If it ain't doggone broke,
don't fiddle with it ♪
Uh-uh.
♪ If it ain't broke, don't fiddle with it ♪
- Hey.
- No way.
♪ If it ain't doggone broke,
don't fiddle with it ♪
Beast Boy,
you're breaking the curse.
Whoa! With magic?
No, by learning your lesson.
Oh.
You's talking about how I fiddle with
things but shouldn't have done that.
Yes. Keep playing.
♪ If it ain't broke, don't fiddle with it ♪
Nope.
♪ If it ain't doggone broke,
don't fiddle with it ♪
Uh-uh.
♪ If it ain't broke, don't fiddle with it ♪
Nope.
♪ If it ain't doggone broke,
don't fiddle with it ♪
No way.
Yee-haw.
Look at that, Mama.
We dids it. Together.
Are you serious?
You're still
in the doghouse, buddy.
Aw, man.
- Oh!
- The drama continues.
So very juicy.